=head1 Derek Gonyeo

=head2 Contact Information

=over

=item
Derek Gonyeo

=item
01506 Nathaniel Rochester Hall

=item
Rochester, NY 14623

=item
L<dgonyeo@csh.rit.edu>

=back

=head2 Objective

I am currently looking for an internship for the summer of 2013 that will provide me with both interesting coding challenges and valuable work experience.

=head2 Summary

I have always had an interest in computers. Since teaching myself Java in 8th grade, I’ve enjoyed tackling and solving coding problems. I pick up new concepts quickly, and frequently research interesting things independently.

=head2 Education

=over

=item Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY

=item

Major: B.S. Game Design and Development

=item

GPA: 3.060/4.0

=item Fairport High School - Fairport, NY

=item

GPA 92/100

=back

=head2 AP Credits

=over

=item

United States History - 4 / 5

=item

English Language and Composition - 4 / 5

=item

Physics B - 5 / 5

=item

Physics C: Kinematics - 5 / 5

=item

Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism - 5 / 5

=item

Calculuc BC - 5 / 5

=item

Computer Science - 5 / 5

=back

=head2 Experience

=head3 Interactive Games and Media at RIT

=over

=item

Lab Assistant

=item

09/2012 - Present

=item

L<http://igm.rit.edu/>

=back

Currently employed as a Lab Assistant for the Interactive Games and Media department at RIT. 
My responsibilities include preventing misuse of equipment in the computer labs, loaning out 
department owned equipment, and assisting students with their assignments if possible.

=head3 Compass Properties

=over

=item

Title Position

=item

09/2008 - 09/2012

=item

L<companywebsite>

=back

I worked at A2Z Family Storage under Scott Gonyeo. My responsibilities varied from weeding and 
cleaning out storage units, to processing outgoing mail and organizing files.

=head2 Technical Skills

=over

=item

Fluent Languages

=over

=item

C#, Java

=back

=back

=head2 Extracurricular Clubs & Activities

=over

=item

CSH - Computer Science House

=over

=item

Member

=item

L<http://www.csh.rit.edu/>

=back

=item

US FIRST Robotics Team 578

=over

=item

Electronics Subteam

=item

L<http://www.usfirst.org/>

=back

=item

Venture Crew 325

=over

=item

President (June 2011 - June 2012)

=back

=item

Boy Scout Troop 325

=over

=item

Assistant Scoutmaster

=back

=back

=head2 Honors & Awards

=over

=item

Eagle Scout with Three Palms - Earned June 2011

=item

Third Degree Black Belt in Taekwondo - Earned February 2011

=back

=head2 Special Accomplishments

In collaboration with Joseph Batchik (first year Computer Science Student at RIT) I created an 
Android application for viewing and posting to WebNews, a news client built on top of NNTP by 
another Computer Science House Member. The app uses APIs provided by WebNews to fetch and post 
data, and provides a hugely improved experience over using WebNews in the browser on an Android phone.

=over

=item

L<http://github.com/dgonyeo/AndroidWebnews>

=back

In August of 2012 the Computer Science House held a Gamejam. The rules were to create a game in 
under 24 hours. With some help from Mike Eaton (a graduate from Fairport High School), I created 
FPSCubes using XNA, a first person shooter that used a third party physics engine. There were a 
total of five submissions, and I was the only first year student to submit a game. My game was 
declared the winner.

=over

=item

L<http://gamejam.csh.rit.edu/jams/2012/summer.php>

=back

=for comment
vim:tw=80
